Who are you and why did you give me this
If you want to know the truth, come to Nanjing 3rd Road to find me
Hello
Who are you?
You come out
How could Song Man be you?
Why haven't you seen Miss Xu for a long time?
Where did you get this report from?
It's not easy to ask you out.
It only involves the Xu Group in those days
You will be interested
You know what happened three years ago
You know my parents were framed, right?
I know shit
Xu Xi, you are so naive
It's just me trying to lure you out
Made up lies
fool
Why is that?
What do you want to do?
You made me so miserable
Of course I want to get revenge on you.
I hate you. You must be paranoid
It seems you don't know anything